docs(migration): migrate from unstable_modules from modules (#860)
front-commerce/developers.front-commerce.com: docs/100-upgrade/migration-guides/3.3-3.4.mdx

```

</details>

## From `graphql.unstable_module` to `graphql.module`

> In this new Front-Commerce version we've created a brand new GraphQL module API,
> here's a guide to help you migrate to the new API:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Front-Commerce v3.4 we've created a brand new GraphQL module API. The migration has been automated in the automated migration script, here's a guide to help understand the migration to the new API:
```

Author: fixed

### Runtime

Runtime is now the core of GraphQL modules, you can check the

> createGraphQLRuntime documentation to learn more about this. The migration is

Reviewer 2: **suggestion:** Add a link to the related documentation.

Author: Done

pretty straightforward:

Before:

> ```ts title="AcmeModule/index.js"

Author: fixed

import resolvers from "./resolvers";
import AcmeLoader from "./loader";

export default {
  namespace: "AcmeModule",
  dependencies: ["Front-Commerce/Core"],
  resolvers,
  contextEnhancer: ({ req }) => {
    const axiosInstance = makeUserClientFromRequest(req);

    return {
      Acme: AcmeLoader(axiosInstance),
    };
  },
};
```

After:

```ts title="AcmeModule/module/index.ts"
import { createGraphQLModule } from "@front-commerce/core/graphql";

export default createGraphQLModule({
  namespace: "AcmeModule",
  dependencies: ["Front-Commerce/Core"],
  loadRuntime: () => import("./runtime"),
});
```

```ts title="AcmeModule/module/runtime.ts"
import { createGraphQLRuntime } from "@front-commerce/core/graphql";
import { makeUserClientFromRequest } from "@front-commerce/magento2/axios";

import resolvers from "./resolvers";
export default createGraphQLRuntime({
  resolvers,
  contextEnhancer: ({ req }) => {
    const axiosInstance = makeUserClientFromRequest(req);

    return {
      Acme: AcmeLoader(axiosInstance);
    }
  }
})
```

> ### Extension declaration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Extension definition
```

Author: fixed

Now that you've converted your legacy module to new GraphQLModule, you can
register your module in your extension like this:

````ts title="AcmeModule/index.ts"
import {
  defineExtension
} from "@front-commerce/core";
import AcmeModule from "./module";

export default defineExtension({
  name: "Acme",
  graphql: {
    modules: [AcmeModule]

>   }

Author: Added a simple paragraph leading to the `createGraphQLModule` example
